

# AGCraft Commands Documentation

## AutoSmelt
<b>Usage:</b> \
``/autosmelt``

<b>Description:</b> \
Using this command instantly smelts <i>all</i> <b>iron and gold ores</b> from your inventory. However, you will also need to have all of the <b>necessary <i>fuel</i></b> (such as coal blocks, coal, and charcoal) <b><i> in your inventory</i></b> to successfully use this command. The game will notify you if you do not have enough fuel.

<b>Disclaimer: </b> \
This command greedily prioritizes coal blocks over coal / charcoal and will not give any change back.  
In other words, if you have coal blocks in your inventory and you use `/autosmelt` to smelt a single iron ore,  
it will consume that coal block to do so, and you will not get your 8 coal pieces back.

A small price to pay for automation.

## Bible
<b>Usage:</b> \
``` /bible <translation> <book> <chapter> <start> <end> ```

<b>Description:</b> \
This command fetches passages or entire chapters of the Bible (that <b> you </b> want to read) from the Internet, and compiles all of it down into a <i>written book</i> for you to read in Minecraft.

<b>Parameters:</b> \

 - `translation` - The translation of the Bible you want your passages to be in.
 - `book` - The book of the Bible you want to read. 
 - `chapter` - The chapter of the book.
 - `start` - The verse you want to start at (<i>optional</i>). 
 - `end` - The verse you want to end at (<i>optional</i>).

<b> Supported Translations:</b> \
Due to many variations of the Bible being protected by copyright, this command only has access to the following versions of the Bible, which are:

> <b>KJV</b> (King James Version) \
> <b>FBVNTPsalms</b> (Free Bible Version New Testament with Psalms)\
> <b>ESV</b> (English Standard Version)\
> <b>WEB</b> (World English Bible [Protestant])\
> <b>T4T</b> (Translation for Translators)\
> <b>ASV</b> (The Holy Bible, American Standard Version)\
> <b>RV</b> (Revised Version)\
> <b>GNV</b> (Geneva Bible)

Simply add any of these <i>abbreviated translation names</i> in the first parameter of the command to get verses for that translation.

<b>Abbreviations:</b> \
Instead of typing out the entire chapter by its full name, you can use book abbreviations to make your life easier while using this command. For instance, ``ezekiel`` can be abbreviated to ``ezk``, ``colossians`` can be abbreviated to ``col``, ``mark`` can be abbreviated to ``mrk``, ``galatians`` can be abbreviated to ``gal``, and many more.

<b>Usage Examples:</b> \
`/bible ESV romans 12` gives you the <i>entire chapter</i> of Romans 12 in ESV format.\
`/bible KJV mrk 1 7` gives you Mark 1:7-45 (end of chapter) in KJV format.\
`/bible KJV gal 6 2 3` gives you Galatians 6:2-3 in KJV format.\
`/bible WEB romans 6 2 2` gives you Romans 6:2 in WEB format.

<b> AutoCorrect:</b> \
With the help of tries, this command utilizes a very aggressive autocorrect. This means that misspelling books such as ``ezekiel`` will, in most cases, give you what you desire.

For example, typing ``/bible ESV eziekiel 1`` will give you the book of ``ezekiel`` in ESV format, even though you spelled ``ezekiel`` wrong.

<b> Copyright:</b> \
Unless otherwise indicated, all Scripture quotations are from the ESV® Bible (The Holy Bible, English Standard Version®), copyright © 2001 by Crossway, a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers. Used by permission. All rights reserved. You may not copy or download more than 500 consecutive verses of the ESV Bible or more than one half of any book of the ESV Bible.

All biblical content graciously provided from:   
[https://scripture.api.bible/](https://scripture.api.bible/)  
[https://api.esv.org/](https://api.esv.org/)


## Clear Bibles
<b>Usage:</b> \
``/clearbibles``

<b>Description:</b> \
This command removes all written books generated by the ``/bible`` command from your inventory.

## Clear Junk
<b>Usage:</b> \
``/clearjunk [list of filters]``

<b>Description: </b> \
Ever have an epic mining adventure, only to find out that you are running out of inventory space? In most cases, this is due to junk items cluttering up your inventory, which can be both of a nuisance and frustrating to deal with on a daily basis. This command aveliates that pain by <i><b>completely removing junk items from your inventory</b></i>, so you will always have room for your precious ores and diamonds.

<b> Filters: </b> \
You might notice that you can append a list of ``filters`` into this command. This is because this command defines many different categories of junk found in Minecraft. However, there are certain times where these junk items have actual use and you do not want to accidentally destroy them. As a result, these filters are available for you to <b>tell the command what <i>you</i> want to remove and not remove.</b>

The items that falls under each category are as follows:

|Common|Stone|Natural|Armor|Brewing|Weapons|
|--|--|--|--|--|--|
| Rotten Flesh | Cobblestone |Dirt|All Leather Armor*|Spider Eyes| Golden Swords* |
| Bones | Stone | Sand | All Chainmail Armor* | | Bows* |
| String | Granite | Gravel | All Gold Armor* |
| Seeds (wheat) | Diorite
| | Andesite |

*Armor and weapons must be <b>damaged</b> and <b>unenchanted</b> in order for this command to remove them. This is to prevent your own gear from being removed accidentally.

If you want to remove <b>all of the items</b> listed above in your inventory, you can simply use ``/clearjunk all`` to do so. This list will be continuously updated in the near future.


<b>Usage Examples:</b>  \
``/clearjunk stone`` removes all listed stone variants from your inventory.\
``/clearjunk stone natural`` removes all listed stone variants and natural blocks from your inventory.\
``/clearjunk armor common brewing stone`` removes all listed leather, chainmail, and gold armor, common mob drops, spider eyes, and stone variants from your inventory.\
``/clearjunk`` without any parameters automatically defaults to ``/clearjunk common``, which removes all common mob drops from your inventory.

## Get Coordinates
<b> Usage: </b>
``/getcoordinates <player>``

<b>Description:</b>
Outputs the <x,y,z> coordinates of any currently online player in this server. This command fails to work on players that are not in the same dimension as you.

Using this command without a username will print out your own coordinates instead.

<b>Usage Examples:</b>  
``/getcoordinates CompleteEdd`` prints the coordinates of user ``CompleteEdd``, which is me, to your chat.\
``/getcoordinates`` prints your own coordinates to your chat.
## Get Locations
<b> Usage: </b> \
``/getlocations <visibility level>``

<b> Description </b> \
Outputs all registered warp locations under the specified `<visibility level>` to your chat.

<b>Usage Examples</b> \
``/getlocations`` lists all of your privately warp locations. \
``/getlocations public`` lists all warp locations publicly set by the server.

## Remove Location
<b> Usage: </b> \
``/removelocation <location name> <visibility level>``

<b> Description: </b> \
Removes a named warp location under the specified ``<visibility level>`` from the server registries. Doing this will no longer allow `/warp <location name>` to work anymore.

Note that this only works on private or public locations specified by you. It will not remove public locations specified by other players in this server.

<b> Usage examples </b>: \
``/removelocation village private`` removes a privately set warp location named `village` from your personal list of warp locations. 

## SetLocation
<b> Usage: </b> \
``/setlocation <location name> <visibility level>``

<b> Description: </b> \
Registers your current position as a new warp location under the name, ``<location name>``. Doing this will allow ``/warp location <location name>`` to teleport you back to ``<location name>``. Fails if a location with the same name is already registered in the server.

<b> Parameters: </b> \
``location name`` - Name of the location you are setting your warp location to.
``visibility level`` - Can either be ``private`` or ``public``. ``public`` warp locations can be seen and accessed by anyone in the server while ``private`` warp locations can only be seen and accessed by yourself.

<b> Usage Examples: </b> \
``/setlocation village private`` Sets your current location as a new warp location called ``village``. Thus, ``/warp location village`` will warp you (and only you) to that location.
``/setlocation spawn public`` Sets your current location to a new warp location called ``spawn``. Because this location is made ``public``, anyone in the server can access and warp to that location.


## Warp
<b>Usage:</b>
``/warp <tag> <location name>``

<b>Description</b>:\
Warps you to a named location either registered by `/setlocation`, or the location of your last slept bed if the tag parameter is set to <b>home</b>. Fails if your bed is missing or obstructed when attempting to warp back to home. This command also fails when ``<location name>`` is not a registered location in the registries.

<b>Parameters:</b> \
``tag`` - Specifies the type of location you want to warp to.
``location`` - the name of the location specified by `/setlocation` if the tag parameter is set to `location`.

<b> Tags: </b> \
The tags currently specified by this command are:
|Name| Description|
|--|--|
|`home`| Teleports you to your bed spawn.|
|`location`| Teleports you to a named location registered by `/setlocation`.

### Instructions on using warp:
Lets say that you built an awesome house in the middle of the village. Before using this command, you want to first <b>physically stand</b> (in Minecraft) to the spot you want to warp to in the future.

Once you are standing on that spot, simply type ``/setlocation <name> private`` to register your new warp location to the registry. Note that ``<name>`` could be anything; <b>it is entirely up to you on what you want to name your warp locations. </b> 

In addition, the ``private`` specifier after ``<name>`` ensures that the locations you set <i>can only be seen and accessed by you.</i>

Once you set your own location using `/setlocation <name>`, you now free to use ``/warp location <name>`` to warp back to your awesome house in the middle of the village any time!

- Lost track of your locations? Don't worry! Simply use `/getlocations private` to list all registered locations that are privately set by you!
- Want to remove a location from the registry? Simply use ``/removelocations <name> private`` to remove that location from your list.
- Want to warp back to your home bed? Simply use ``/warp home`` to do so!

<b> Usage Examples: </b>\
``/warp home`` warps you back to your home bed spawn. \
``/warp location village`` If ``village`` is a registered location in the server registry. Entering this command will warp you to where the location `village` is at.